ps -ef | grep -i ros
kill -9 pid
ros2 run turtlebot3_gazebo turtlebot3_drive --ros-args --remap __ns:=/robot1

All robots should publish known location of clusters
-> /clusters topic sau service sau ceva de genu

/Clusters should be used somehow to create the nav map of the robots

Make robotx/holding_item topic/service/whatever

Think about a service and/or action to create

You will need some topic or something to organize which robot goes for which color


There is a random noise arg, test with that enabled

BEFORE SUBMITTING make sure the original files are not modified!!
Is it ok to change the launch files?? No just use the solution package like he said
Do we have to build it in such a way that it works with any nr of robots?


Collecting waypoints should be global
They should be able to calculate points/second and decide which waypoint to go for
Add a waypoint for passing the grid location where obstacles are so that they make way for eachother


ROBOTController:
STATE1: Navigate to the last waypoint (a collect waypoint)
State2: Pick up item
STATEx: Navigate back to the first waypoint


How do I balance between a sophisticated solution and a performance solution

What makes items not detectable via lidar?
Persistant storage?
Why is the nav2 launch broken and the cameras don't work?
How do I show the camera in gazeebo?
How do I make robotcontroller node wait for all items to spawn before starting?

REPORT:
- Mention that you use world coordinates because the map is already created and the center of the map is the center of the word. You could use encoder and then calculate world coordinates using the robot's starting position but that's just a workaround for the simulation that wouldn't translate well in a real scenarion because in those cases you probably won't know the starting location. So instead of adding useless complexity I decide to us e world corrdicates but if I were to use encoders, a more sophisticated solution which creates the map centered around the robot's starting position (would probably have to be dynamically created from the start) would be required. I deemed this outside of the scope of the assessment
